CS225 Data Structures Final Project

Team Contract (madel3-zcacini2-gjung10)

Communication

1. Team Meetings

Our team will meet at 4pm on Tuesday and Thursday for 1 hour. We can adjust the frequnecy and/or duration as needed. We will host these meetings on Zoom.
We will have a rotating Project Lead/ Note Taker for each week. It will rotate in alphabetical order by first name. They will be responisble for the development 
log and ensuring team participation and progress each week.

2. Assistance

We will keep in contact through email, GroupMe, and Zoom, with the expectation of a response within 48 hours.

3. Respect

The Project Lead for each week will be responsible for ensuring participation and sharing of ideas by all team members. We hope all decisions will be made 
unanimously; however, simple majority is enough. Signing the document is an agreement to this method of decision making and participation.

Collaboration

1. Work Distrubution

Work will be distributed on a weekly basis. These decisions will be informed by the Project Lead's goals for the week. Volunteering for work will be preferred,
but if no one volunteers the Project Lead can assign roles. 

2. Time Commitment

How many hours of work per week is expected of each group member? Are there prior time commitments that need to be accounted for? How will you address new 
conflicts or commitments when they do inevitably occur?

We expect each memebr to dedicate 5 hours/week to working on the project. Hopefully, one hour per week day. If a deliverable takes more than this amount of time, 
the rest of the team may be called in to work equally towards finishing the deliverable or by extending the deadline. This will be managed ona case by case basis.
If a member continually fails to meet deliverable or time spent on project per week, we may have a respectful discussion about this. A staff member may be called 
in if necessary.

3. Conflict Resolution

Our team is 3 people, so there will always be either a unanimous or majority decision. With regards to deliverables, if members are not meeting the expectation, 
we will follow procedure as outlined above. 

Our primary course staff mentor is Linda Chang (lindac2@illinois.edu).

Typing your name below means that you agree to the statements in the above team contract.

Zach Cacini 
